README.md, before:

# 3MF Processing API

This project provides an Express-based API that accepts `.gcode.3mf` files, converts them to ZIP, reads metadata, returns the `plate_1` image and the `plate.gcode` contents, and uploads the ZIP archive to Backblaze B2.

## Setup

1. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Configure Backblaze B2 credentials**

   Set environment variables for your B2 account:

   ```bash
   export B2_KEY_ID="your-key-id"
   export B2_APPLICATION_KEY="your-application-key"
   export B2_BUCKET_ID="your-bucket-id"
   ```

3. **Run the server**

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## API Usage

Send a `POST` request to `/process-file` with form-data containing the uploaded `.gcode.3mf` file under the `file` field. The API responds with JSON including parsed metadata, a Base64 image `plate_1`, and the `plate.gcode` text.

## Backblaze B2 Hosting

Backblaze B2 is used for storing the processed ZIP file. This API uploads the converted archive to the specified B2 bucket during processing. The API itself should be deployed on your preferred runtime (e.g., a cloud VM or container service) with network access to Backblaze B2.

## Testing

Run unit tests and lint checks:

```bash
npm test
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

feat: upload to google cloud storage

README.md, after:

# 3MF Processing API

This project provides an Express-based API that accepts `.gcode.3mf` files, converts them to ZIP, reads metadata, returns the `plate_1` image and the `plate.gcode` contents, and uploads the ZIP archive to Google Cloud Storage.

## Setup

1. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Configure Google Cloud credentials**

   Provide credentials for a service account with access to the target bucket and set the bucket name:

   ```bash
   export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/path/to/key.json"
   export GCLOUD_BUCKET="your-bucket-name"
   ```

3. **Run the server**

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## API Usage

Send a `POST` request to `/process-file` with form-data containing the uploaded `.gcode.3mf` file under the `file` field. The API responds with JSON including parsed metadata, a Base64 image `plate_1`, and the `plate.gcode` text.

## Google Cloud Hosting

Google Cloud Storage is used for storing the processed ZIP file. You can deploy the API on Google Cloud Run:

```bash
gcloud builds submit --tag gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/mto-express
gcloud run deploy mto-express --image gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/mto-express --platform managed --allow-unauthenticated
```

After deployment, send `POST` requests to the service URL from any program to retrieve metadata, the `plate_1` image, and `plate.gcode` contents.

## Testing

Run unit tests and lint checks:

```bash
npm test
npm run lint
```
